Added brew reference (#1065)
heptio/ark: docs/get-started.md

1. Move the `ark` binary from the Ark directory to somewhere in your PATH.

#### MacOS Installation

> On Mac you can use HomeBrew to install ark CLI, by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Mac, you can use [HomeBrew](https://brew.sh) to install the `ark` client:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
